NOTE: Google Drive for Desktop is not available on linux. 
There does not seem to be any easy way of achieving the same functionality there. 
IT is possible to backup your local folders to google drive though. You can also
experiment with solutions using many of the CLI applications that are available.

1) Download Google Drive for Desktop (not backup and sync)
2) Make a google account (for more gdrive space) or login with your existing account
3) Go to Preferences and check Launch Google Drive on system startup
4) Return to main menu and select Google Drive (Folders from drive)
5) Select Mirror files and select the eternal-bugshine/output folder. 
   Now your local output folder will be your google myDrive folder,
   meaning the content in your output folder will synchronize to google Drive
   and any other devices for which you have done 1)-5)
6) Make a subfolder based on your username in the output folder and move all old output into it.
   All dreamt images and gifs should now by default be saved to figures and videos subfolders in this folder
   (consider just saving both to the same subfolder so as to not duplicate json files)
7) Go to Google Drive online and optionally share subfolders in your MyDrive with other team members.
   I recommend setting privileges to read or comment only. The reason for this is 
        1) To avoid different team member overwriting previous changing when running automated code 
        2) To avoid wasting gdrive space. When a user uploads to a folder shared by another person, that upload still counts
           towards his storage quota.
8) Now optionally copy (not just make a shortcut) any folders shared with you into your MyDrive folder (CTRL+Z i believe is the command)
   The shared folders will now be synchronized with your MyDrive folder. If you do not have write access then you cannot modify or create any files
   inside the shared folders, neither on the gdrive online or locally. If the shared folder administrator changes your privileges to write later
   then you will be able to add and modify files again, but any changes made in the mean time will not be synchronized. 